ReadMeHTML
Jonathan Wong
Team Moose 
10/16/2013

Team Contributors: Raghav Mehta, Kiera Crist, Chris Bell, Jon Wong, Tait Madsen

	The basic idea behind the html site was to create an accessible and easy to use interface
for the majority of staff and employees on campus to set up seminars.  This would have
interconnectivity between the mobile application and the website created via updates and
other notifications.
	The site is broken up into several different html documents that correspond to each 
functionality of the site.  At the top of each page, there are tabs that will allow a user to
travel to the different pages of the site.  The pages are broken up as followed:
	
	1. Home.html: is the starting homepage that people should enter when clicking on the site.
	It's purpose is to act as a hub for navigating to the other sites.
	
	2. WhatisThis.html: An information page that describes the functionality of the site and what
	it is used for.  (In our earlier prototypes, this was used to test tab links)
	
	3. improvedform.html: This was our generated form for the site that users would input information
	into.  The idea was that once information was submitted, the data would be sent to a repository
	on the server that would be cached in whatever group was specified.
	
	4. studentresponses.html: This page is where all the various emails and email lists would go
	once inputted into the system.  The page is broken up into the group, followed by the email
	addresses that are designated by that group.

	5. G.html:  A thank you page that indicates the form has been submitted to the server.  Included
	in the site page is a small gif.  The gif was there for image and testing capabilities, as well
	as acting as a small surprise to the user.

Additionally to the pages that were created as indicated above, there are other documents in the HTML project
folder.  These documents have been noted as such:

	1. Project2.html: An early prototype of our site.  It's main functionality was to test out features
	that HTML had to offer.  It does not show up in the final prototype and was replaced by Home.html.

	2. style.css: A website style sheet that helped give the html docs their "feel".  In an attempt to
	make our site less bland, we played around with the mechanics of a style sheet to figure out what
	parts changed.  The majority of the changes can be seen via the tabs.
	
	3. Sassage_flare.gif: A gif that was included in G.html.  It has no primary function besides amusement
	and image/gif testing in our site.

	4. ReadMeHTML.txt: This file.

